docs/getting-started-single-cluster.md, before:

## Kuadrant Getting Started - Single Cluster

## Overview 

In this quick start, we will cover: 
- setup of Kuadrant in a singe local kind cluster

### Prerequisites

- [Docker](https://docs.docker.com/engine/install/)
- [Kind](https://kind.sigs.k8s.io/)
- [Kubectl](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/tools/)
- OpenSSL >= 3
- AWS account with Route 53 enabled or GCP with Cloud DNS enabled
- [Docker Mac Net Connect](https://github.com/chipmk/docker-mac-net-connect) (macOS users only)


### Environmental Variables

### General
| Env Var                      | Example Value               | Description                                                                                                 |
|------------------------------|-----------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `ISTIO_INSTALL_SAIL`       | `true`       | Whether to install istio through project sail, default `false`                                                                                |

If you want to make use of the Kuadrant `DNSPolicy` you should setup the following environmental variables depending on your DNS Provider:

### AWS

| Env Var                      | Example Value               | Description                                                                                                 |
|------------------------------|-----------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `KUADRANT_ZONE_ROOT_DOMAIN`       | `jbloggs.hcpapps.net`       | Hostname for the root Domain                                                                                |
| `KUADRANT_AWS_DNS_PUBLIC_ZONE_ID` | `Z01234567US0IQE3YLO00`     | AWS Route 53 Zone ID for specified `KUADRANT_ZONE_ROOT_DOMAIN`                                                   |
| `KUADRANT_AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID`      | `AKIA1234567890000000`      | Access Key ID, for user with permissions to Route 53 in the account where root domain is created            |
| `KUADRANT_AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY`  | `Z01234567US0000000`        | Access Secret Access Key, for user with permissions to Route 53 in the account where root domain is created |
| `KUADRANT_AWS_REGION`             | `eu-west-1`                 | AWS Region                                                                                                  |

### GCP

| Env Var                 | Example Value          | Description                                                    |
|-------------------------|------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------|
| `GOOGLE`     | `{"client_id": "00000000-00000000000000.apps.googleusercontent.com","client_secret": "d-FL95Q00000000000000","refresh_token": "00000aaaaa00000000-AAAAAAAAAAAAKFGJFJDFKDK","type": "authorized_user"}` |  This is the JSON created from either the JSON credentials created by the Google Cloud CLI or a Service account             |
| `PROJECT_ID` | `my_project_id`   | ID to the google project |
| `ZONE_NAME`       | `jbloggs-google`   | Zone name                          |
| `ZONE_DNS_NAME` | `jbloggs.google.hcpapps.net`   | DNS name                        |
| `LOG_LEVEL`              | `1`                     | Log level for the Controller                          |

>Alternatively, to set defaults, add the above environment variables to your `.zshrc` or `.bash_profile`.

### Set the release you want to use 

```bash
export KUADRANT_REF=main
export ISTIO_INSTALL_SAIL=true
```

### Set Up a kind cluster and install Kuadrant

Run the following:

```bash
curl "https://raw.githubusercontent.com/kuadrant/kuadrant-operator/${KUADRANT_REF}/hack/quickstart-setup.sh" | bash
```
This will setup a single kind cluster, install Istio and install Kuadrant. Once this completes you should be able to move on to using the various policy apis offered by Kuadrant.

### Clean Up

To ensure that any DNS records are removed, you should remove any `DNSPolicy` and `TLSPolicy` resources before deleting the local cluster.


### What's Next

The next step is to setup and use the policies provided by Kuadrant. 

[Secure, Protect and Connect your Gateway](kuadrant-operator/doc/user-guides/secure-protect-connect.md)

Commit message:

add quiet mode to single cluster doc
Signed-off-by: ehearneredhat <ehearne@redhat.com>

docs/getting-started-single-cluster.md, after:

## Kuadrant Getting Started - Single Cluster

## Overview 

In this quick start, we will cover: 
- setup of Kuadrant in a singe local kind cluster

### Prerequisites

- [Docker](https://docs.docker.com/engine/install/)
- [Kind](https://kind.sigs.k8s.io/)
- [Kubectl](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/tools/)
- OpenSSL >= 3
- AWS account with Route 53 enabled or GCP with Cloud DNS enabled
- [Docker Mac Net Connect](https://github.com/chipmk/docker-mac-net-connect) (macOS users only)


### Environmental Variables

### General
| Env Var                      | Example Value               | Description                                                                                                 |
|------------------------------|-----------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `ISTIO_INSTALL_SAIL`       | `true`       | Whether to install istio through project sail, default `false`                                                                                |


### Quiet Mode

Quiet mode is useful for when you wish to run the script uninterrupted. Below outlines the env vars needed to use quiet mode. These flags can be set alongside other env vars listed below to take advantage of their features:

| Env Var | Example Value | Description |
|---------|---------------|-------------|
| `KUADRANT_QUIET` | `true` | Runs uninterrupted quickstart in single cluster mode with no DNS provider if set on its own .|
| `DNS_PROVIDER` | `true` | Runs uninterrupted quickstart in single cluster mode with DNS provider if set alongside `KUADRANT_QUIET` . |
| `MULTICLUSTER` | `true` | Runs quickstart uninterrupted in multicluster mode with DNS provider if `DNS_PROVIDER` and `KUADRANT_QUIET` are set; otherwise, runs without DNS provider if only `KUADRANT_QUIET` is set. |

If you want to make use of the Kuadrant `DNSPolicy` you should setup the following environmental variables depending on your DNS Provider:

### AWS

| Env Var                      | Example Value               | Description                                                                                                 |
|------------------------------|-----------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `KUADRANT_ZONE_ROOT_DOMAIN`       | `jbloggs.hcpapps.net`       | Hostname for the root Domain                                                                                |
| `KUADRANT_AWS_DNS_PUBLIC_ZONE_ID` | `Z01234567US0IQE3YLO00`     | AWS Route 53 Zone ID for specified `KUADRANT_ZONE_ROOT_DOMAIN`                                                   |
| `KUADRANT_AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID`      | `AKIA1234567890000000`      | Access Key ID, for user with permissions to Route 53 in the account where root domain is created            |
| `KUADRANT_AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY`  | `Z01234567US0000000`        | Access Secret Access Key, for user with permissions to Route 53 in the account where root domain is created |
| `KUADRANT_AWS_REGION`             | `eu-west-1`                 | AWS Region                                                                                                  |

### GCP

| Env Var                 | Example Value          | Description                                                    |
|-------------------------|------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------|
| `GOOGLE`     | `{"client_id": "00000000-00000000000000.apps.googleusercontent.com","client_secret": "d-FL95Q00000000000000","refresh_token": "00000aaaaa00000000-AAAAAAAAAAAAKFGJFJDFKDK","type": "authorized_user"}` |  This is the JSON created from either the JSON credentials created by the Google Cloud CLI or a Service account             |
| `PROJECT_ID` | `my_project_id`   | ID to the google project |
| `ZONE_NAME`       | `jbloggs-google`   | Zone name                          |
| `ZONE_DNS_NAME` | `jbloggs.google.hcpapps.net`   | DNS name                        |
| `LOG_LEVEL`              | `1`                     | Log level for the Controller                          |

>Alternatively, to set defaults, add the above environment variables to your `.zshrc` or `.bash_profile`.

### Set the release you want to use 

```bash
export KUADRANT_REF=main
export ISTIO_INSTALL_SAIL=true
```

### Set Up a kind cluster and install Kuadrant

Run the following:

```bash
curl "https://raw.githubusercontent.com/kuadrant/kuadrant-operator/${KUADRANT_REF}/hack/quickstart-setup.sh" | bash
```
This will setup a single kind cluster, install Istio and install Kuadrant. Once this completes you should be able to move on to using the various policy apis offered by Kuadrant.

### Clean Up

To ensure that any DNS records are removed, you should remove any `DNSPolicy` and `TLSPolicy` resources before deleting the local cluster.


### What's Next

The next step is to setup and use the policies provided by Kuadrant. 

[Secure, Protect and Connect your Gateway](kuadrant-operator/doc/user-guides/secure-protect-connect.md)
